✏️ add project info, and build instructions (#14)
wilt00/lgtm: README.md

Also now available right here on the World Wide Web, in shiny Webassembly form, at https://wilt00.github.io/lgtm/ (thanks [@bmiddha](https://github.com/bmiddha)!)

Words lists are compiled by Infochimps, via https://github.com/dwyl/english-words

## About the project

### Rust

> The rust code is separated in to 3 cargo workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rust code is separated into 3 cargo workspaces:
```

- `api` - HTTP API that returns plain text `lgtm` responses.
- `lgtm` - Library used by other projects (`api`, `cli`, `web`) to generate `lgtm`s.
- `cli` - Binary that prints `lgtm` to STDOUT.

> All projects can be built, and tested from the root of the repo using `cargo build` and `cargo test`. Projects can also be individually interacted with by navigating to their dirs and running `cargo` commands or by passing the `-p` flag. For more information about cargo workspaces, refer to the [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/workspaces.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All projects can be built and tested from the root of the repo using `cargo build` and `cargo test`. Projects can also be individually interacted with by navigating to their directories and running `cargo` commands or by passing the `-p` flag. For more information about cargo workspaces, refer to the [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/workspaces.html).
```

### Wasm

The `lgtm` library is also built to WebAssembly to be used in the `web` project.

> `wasm-pack` is needed to build. Available from [here](https://rustwasm.github.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wasm-pack` is needed to build, available [here](https://rustwasm.github.io/).
```
